ENH: Add optional `anaconda_nightly_upload_organization` argument (#47)
scientific-python/upload-nightly-action: README.md

with permissions to _Allow write access to the API site_ and _Allow uploads to Standard Python repositories_,
and add the token as a secret to your GitHub repository.

## Using a different channel

This Github Action can upload your nightly builds to a different channel. To do so,

> you will required to define  `anaconda_nightly_upload_url` variable. Furthermore,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
define the `anaconda_nightly_upload_url` variable. Furthermore,
```

> you can define the labels to use for organizing your artifacts by using `anaconda_nightly_upload_labels`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can add labels for organizing your artifacts using `anaconda_nightly_upload_labels`
```

optional parameter. See below:

```yml
jobs:
  steps:
    ...
    - name: Upload wheel
      uses: scientific-python/upload-nightly-action@5fb764c5bce1ac2297084c0f7161b1919f17c74f # 0.2.0
      with:
        artifacts_path: dist
        anaconda_nightly_upload_url: my-alternative-scientific-channel
        anaconda_nightly_upload_token: ${{secrets.UPLOAD_TOKEN}}

>         anaconda_nightly_upload_labels: main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        anaconda_nightly_upload_labels: main
```

This is the default, so how about using a different label in the example?

Author: agree, I will update that
